Good morning, family. I have another video for you. This one I've not wanted to do, but I need to, so here you go.
This has been something that everybody wants to know about—about Brandon, about me, about my life, about what I've been through and things like that—and I'm just going to give you a little bit of it.
I'm trying to think of how to even start it. There's so much pain, there's so much stuff, and I struggle a lot talking about it. So, here you go.
My little girl, back whenever she was 18 months old, there was a bad flu epidemic going around, and so a lot of people from the church were encouraging us to get the flu shot.
We talked to our doctor at the hospital and they were pushing vaccinations really hard.
They said, "Oh yeah, you could definitely be hospitalized for this."She was 18 months old and she was already developing; her Apgar scores were okay, everything was okay.
She was already starting to say little words and do little things here and there. Her eye contact—everything was normal.
We went in and got the vaccination, and we went home that night and my baby was screaming and things were really different.
She started running a really high fever, and within about a week, her whole mind changed. Everything changed.
She lost all verbal communication, her bowels stopped moving, her stomach swelled up like a beach ball, she stopped eating, and she went into this bubble.
She cried all the time continuously, from the time she got up to the time she went to bed.
She cried, she hummed, she made weird noises, and she rocked.
I can honestly tell you, we didn't know what was going on. We called the doctor and said there's a problem.
She said, "Okay, come in and I'll examine her and see what's going on."She goes, "Well, you know, some kids just have reactions sometimes to shots, so don't worry about it; she'll come out of it."No, she didn't come out of it.
Weeks went by and she got worse. Things were so bad that she would only sleep two hours a night. I got two hours of sleep at night for months.
She kept me up all night long and I would sit in the rocking chair and just cry myself to sleep holding her.
I'd find her in there just screaming, and it was awful. I had to go to work the next day and I'd fall asleep at work because I couldn't function; I was so tired.
My wife was going through literal hell whenever I was at work with her throwing fits and tantrums.
It went on and on, and finally, we went to the doctor and said there's something bad that's happened and we need to know what's going on with our daughter.
She just kind of pooh-poohed us off like, "Well, she'll come out of it."We got a certified letter in the mail telling us not to come back to the doctor.
She fired us as patients. She blamed it on us being late for our appointments too many times and told us not to come back.
We tried to get a hold of the office and she wouldn't respond or talk to us anymore.
It was a total abandonment. We didn't know what to do; we were in our 20s when this happened.
We told family and friends what had happened, and everybody was like, "Wow, this is crazy, you need to hire an attorney."I said, "We're not doing all that; I need to have more wisdom."The process kept happening.
Years go by, and I kept standing by faith and believing that everything was going to be okay.
I wouldn't allow anybody to speak any negative around us; we just closed ourselves off.
She started pulling all the stuff out of the drawers in our kitchen.
She would take everything from the cupboard and put it in the bathroom; you never knew where something was going to be.
She started playing with her feces on a day-to-day basis. She would walk up and down the halls and rub her feces down the hall, or wipe feces all over our couch.
She would play with it continually. On top of not sleeping and everything else, she would not eat and she would cry continually.
We couldn't go inside any stores or go anywhere with her because of how bad her behavior was. So, we started seeking help.
People started telling us, "We believe there's something seriously going on with your daughter, but we're going to have to do a lot of testing."All this to say, they labeled her as severely autistic.
It was the biggest sucker punch. I didn't know what to do, and all I could do because of my faith was just to keep standing.
They told us she would never talk, she would never have a normal life, and she would probably always be in diapers forever.
Family and friends didn't really know what to do with it; everybody started to say it was a devil, "You need to go get the devils cast out of your little girl."We went to a big ministry down in Dallas to get these devils out of her because of this disorder called autism.
They said she needed deliverance, so we paid a ministry $500 to cast the devils out of her because we were so new at this.
We got ripped off, basically scammed. Everybody has a cure for it.
We spent thousands and thousands of dollars—everything we could on credit cards—to try to get her help.
You listen to these people on the internet, and you're Googling trying to find the answer to help your child who's absolutely in this weird bubble.
They say you can do all these therapies, and I'm still standing on the word, but I would not allow anybody to say that she's autistic around me or I'd want to punch you in the face.
That's how angry I was at the circumstance because I didn't understand.
It felt like literal hell on earth. The pressure was horrendous and it wouldn't stop.
We started ABA therapy. It was very expensive, over a hundred dollars an hour.
We were just putting it on credit cards and shuffling things around all we could.
Our church tried to help us out as much as they could. I don't want to keep rambling over this; I do not want pity.
I'm not going to wallow in self-pity, period. I live by faith.
One night, I was at the sink doing dishes and I was just fussing to the Lord because I couldn't go to a church cookout.
I said, "God, do you not hear anything I pray? Where have you gone?
Why am I still going through this?"All of a sudden, Jesus comes in the room.
This was the first manifestation where I actually saw him; it wasn't a vision. He actually came into the kitchen.
The manifested presence was so strong I turned around and hit the floor because I couldn't stand in his presence.
I literally thought I was going to be melted like wax. My wife came around the corner because she could feel it too, and she said, "Oh my God, what is this?
Are you dying? Is he taking you?"She couldn't see Jesus, but she could feel the presence of the Lord.
I said, "No baby, Jesus is here."And he spoke to me. He said, "I've heard all your prayers.
According to your faith, be it done unto you. What do you really have need of, Brandon?"I said, "Lord, don't you know?
I need my little girl to be healed."He said, "According to your faith, son, be it done unto you.
She will amend from this; it's going to be a process."He stood there for a little bit and loved on me, then he vanished.
The presence of God was so strong on me. I didn't tell anybody other than my wife.
This was on a Friday night. On Monday, her ABA therapist called.
She said, "Hey Brandon, what did you do? Something happened over the weekend.
You need to explain to me how she's talking in little sentences and saying words.
It's like a light switch is coming on."I said, "Well, on Friday, Jesus came.
He told me all things are possible to him that believes."Megan went from not saying anything for years to being able to say little things and sleeping through the night.
She's 18 now and she's still overcoming. There was a time about five years ago that we had to give her eight Ex-Lax pills a day for her to have a bowel movement.
We took her to Billy Burke in Tulsa. My son filmed it when he prayed for her.
That night, she had a bowel movement on her own for the first time ever.
She started having bowel movements every single day after we went to Tulsa and had that prayer service.
A miracle is a miracle, even if it is a process. Our neuropsychologist told us, "You just need to move on and let her be a ward of the state.
You kids are young enough that you can have a normal life."He said, "I have never in all of my life seen any child as severely autistic as her ever come out and live a normal life."We said, "Sir, we believe Jesus is going to heal her all the way."He said, "You're living in a fairytale land; it is not going to happen."We said, "Well, we will be the first."We believed by faith for over a year that she was going to be potty trained, and she's getting it now.
We believed she would eat normal foods; she would only eat McDonald's chicken nuggets or mashed potatoes.
Finally, she started eating normal foods. It took years. Then all of a sudden, she started eating salads and greens and things that were healthy for her body.
Sometimes the miracle is a process. Even if you don't see it overnight, it doesn't mean God is not doing a miracle.
Noah was on the ark and he still had to have the olive branch to know the floodwaters were receding.
You've got to believe him even when the land is not there. Stand your ground.
My little girl is still in the natural overcoming autism, but I believe with all my heart that there will be a day she's able to come on this camera and tell you that Jesus Christ is her healer.
The Lord said, "I want you to go and tell my people that I'm a healer."I said, "Father, I can't do it; they'll think I'm a hypocrite."He said, "Brandon, my word is a pillar; it is not moved by your daughter's circumstance.
By my stripes you are healed regardless. Your circumstance does not validate my word; my word validates itself.
Preach the gospel, son."He said, "Remember, it's me that is the healer, it's not you."He said, "Brandon, be obedient.
My grace is sufficient for you."Over the years, he's told me over and over to start this channel.
I'm not moved by what I see or feel; I'm moved by what the word of God says.
I have prayed for people and seen them healed of cancers, but whenever you lay hands on your little girl and nothing happens for her, it's very hard.
Yet, I still stand. I saw him help my granny at 100 years old. I laid hands on her and the power of God went into her legs and she was completely healed.
At 106, she fell and broke her hip. She didn't want to go to a nursing home, so I prayed, "Either heal her or take her home."The anointing kept her, and God took her home that night.
When I pray for people, they get healed. My little girl has gotten used to it—she says, "Daddy, pray for me,"and the power hits her.
But for my oldest, it's like touching a cold stove. He says, "My grace is sufficient for you."I don't get it, but I don't question him.
Stay on God's side. Don't get complaining or cranky. A couple of months ago, I got real cranky with him, and he said, "Are you going to obey me?
Teach my people faith and healing."So, I'm just telling you, it's been a process for me to come on here.
I'm still living it. She's 18 and still non-verbal. She parrots little words just like when she was six.
We're still overcoming. I'm telling you this because Jesus told me to.
If he can use me, he can use anybody. I've had eight visitations from the Lord.
I am a broken servant. It is a refiner's fire. It's not a microwave; it's a prepared meal.
It's painful and some days you feel like you're drowning, but put your armor on.
Walk it out. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at your side, but it will not come nigh you.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were. When life throws you lemons, make lemonade.
Jesus is your strong tower. God bless you all, and thank you for your love and compassion.